Update whats-new.md (#3791)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/fundamentals/whats-new.md

- Information about [how Intune service updates are released](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Intune-Customer-Success/Microsoft-Intune-Service-Updates/ba-p/358728)

> [!NOTE]

> > There is a difference between us updating the service in the backend and when you see the updates reflected in the console.
> Please see [here](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Intune-Customer-Success/Microsoft-Intune-Service-Updates/ba-p/358728) .Each monthly update of UI may take up to three days to rollout and will be in the following order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There is a difference between us updating the service in the backend and when you see the updates reflected in the console. For more information, see [Microsoft Intune Service Updates](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Intune-Customer-Success/Microsoft-Intune-Service-Updates/ba-p/358728). Each monthly update of the UI may take up to three days to roll out and will be in the following order:
```
